README.md, before:

# DoctoratePy
Python server implementation of a certain anime tower defense game. This repo is for the CN TapTap Version.

Discord Invite: [Link](https://discord.gg/pUj8HQ5FQU)

## How To

1. Install [mitmproxy](https://mitmproxy.org/) and [python3](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
2. Clone the repo.
3. Open emulator, enable root and open adb connection if necessary. Install the game.
4. Run `setup_requirements.bat` and choose corresponding emulator.
5. Configure your proxy ip address in `config\config.json` in the `host` key.
6. Run `start_mitmproxy.bat` and `start_local_server.bat`.

### MuMu Player
7. Open the game. Wait till an error appears.
8. Run `start_frida-server.bat` and choose `1`.
9. Run `start_frida-hook.bat` and choose `1`.

### LDPlayer9
7. Run `start_frida-server.bat` and choose `2`.
8. Run `start_frida-hook.bat` and choose `2`. It should automatically open up the game.

### Others (Haven't tested yet. Might or might not work.)
7. Run `start_frida-server.bat` and choose `3`.
8. Run `start_frida-hook.bat` and choose `2`. It should automatically open up the game.

Note: There should be a total of 4 cmd windows opened.

## Currently tested emulator to be working
1. LDPlayer9
2. MuMu Player (Not X or Nebula)

## Changing contengency contract season
Change the value of key `selectedCrisis` in `config\config.json` to whatever you want. The avaiable seasons are under `data\crisis`.

## Customizing indivual operators level, potentials, skill ranks and others
Customize each operator indivually by adding new info in `customUnitInfo` key in `config\config.json`. You can find <operator_key_name> from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kengxxiao/ArknightsGameData/master/zh_CN/gamedata/excel/character_table.json). By default, all characters will have max level, max potentials, max mastery.

- `favorPoint` - Trust points (25570 is 200% Trust) [link to exact point to %](https://gamepress.gg/arknights/core-gameplay/arknights-guide-operator-trust)
- `mainSkillLvl` - Skill Rank (Put mastery at 0 if this is lower than 7)
- `potentialRank` - 0-5
- `evolvePhase` - 0 - E0, 1 - E1, 2 - E2
- `skills` - Mastery level for each skill starting from S1.

### Format
```
"<operator_key_name>": {
    "favorPoint": 25570,
    "mainSkillLvl": 7,
    "potentialRank": 2,
    "level": 50, 
    "evolvePhase": 1,
    "skills": [1, 0]
}
```

## Customizing support unit
Customize the support unit list by changing the unit info in `assistUnit` key in `config\config.json`. All characters info can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kengxxiao/ArknightsGameData/master/zh_CN/gamedata/excel/character_table.json).

- `charId` - key of the character
- `skinId` - skinId of the character (Skin List can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kengxxiao/ArknightsGameData/master/zh_CN/gamedata/excel/skin_table.json))
- `skillIndex` - Skill Index of the support unit (Index starts from 0).

Note: Characters stats and skill masteries are based on the above parameters.

### Format
```
{
    "charId": "char_350_surtr",
    "skinId": "char_350_surtr@it#1",
    "skillIndex": 2
}
```

## TODO
- [ ] Add more info about mods
- [ ] Add a UI for easy editing

Commit message:

Changed adb internals; Added a workaround for MuMu and NoxPlayer

README.md, after:

# DoctoratePy
Python server implementation of a certain anime tower defense game. This repo is for the CN TapTap Version.

Discord Invite: [Link](https://discord.gg/pUj8HQ5FQU)

## How To

1. Install [mitmproxy](https://mitmproxy.org/) and [python3](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
2. Clone the repo.
3. Open emulator, enable root and open adb connection if necessary. Install the game.
4. Run `setup_requirements.bat`.
5. Configure your proxy ip address in `config\config.json` in the `host` key.
6. Run `start_mitmproxy.bat` and `start_local_server.bat`.
7. Run `start_frida-hook.bat`.

Note: There should be a total of 4 cmd windows opened.

## FAQ
- Q: I get a blank screen when running `start_frida-hook.bat`. (MuMu Player and Nox Player)
- A: Run `start_frida-hook.bat` with the parameter `-m`. For example, `start_frida-hook.bat -m`.
- Reason: MuMu Player and Nox Player interact with frida differently. This is a workaround for now.
<br />
<br />
- Q: I can't change my squad name or bring up text input box. (MuMu Player and Nox Player)
- A: Close `start_frida-hook.bat` and run `start_frida-hook.bat` with the parameter `-a`. For example, `start_frida-hook.bat -a`.
- Reason: MuMu Player and Nox Player interact with frida differently. This is a workaround for now. This will reattach to the game process and hook the functions again.

## Currently tested emulator to be working
1. LDPlayer9
2. MuMu Player (Not X or Nebula)
3. Nox Player

## Changing contengency contract season
Change the value of key `selectedCrisis` in `config\config.json` to whatever you want. The avaiable seasons are under `data\crisis`.

## Customizing indivual operators level, potentials, skill ranks and others
Customize each operator indivually by adding new info in `customUnitInfo` key in `config\config.json`. You can find <operator_key_name> from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kengxxiao/ArknightsGameData/master/zh_CN/gamedata/excel/character_table.json). By default, all characters will have max level, max potentials, max mastery.

- `favorPoint` - Trust points (25570 is 200% Trust) [link to exact point to %](https://gamepress.gg/arknights/core-gameplay/arknights-guide-operator-trust)
- `mainSkillLvl` - Skill Rank (Put mastery at 0 if this is lower than 7)
- `potentialRank` - 0-5
- `evolvePhase` - 0 - E0, 1 - E1, 2 - E2
- `skills` - Mastery level for each skill starting from S1.

### Format
```
"<operator_key_name>": {
    "favorPoint": 25570,
    "mainSkillLvl": 7,
    "potentialRank": 2,
    "level": 50, 
    "evolvePhase": 1,
    "skills": [1, 0]
}
```

## Customizing support unit
Customize the support unit list by changing the unit info in `assistUnit` key in `config\config.json`. All characters info can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kengxxiao/ArknightsGameData/master/zh_CN/gamedata/excel/character_table.json).

- `charId` - key of the character
- `skinId` - skinId of the character (Skin List can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kengxxiao/ArknightsGameData/master/zh_CN/gamedata/excel/skin_table.json))
- `skillIndex` - Skill Index of the support unit (Index starts from 0).

Note: Characters stats and skill masteries are based on the above parameters.

### Format
```
{
    "charId": "char_350_surtr",
    "skinId": "char_350_surtr@it#1",
    "skillIndex": 2
}
```

## TODO
- [ ] Add more info about mods
- [ ] Add a UI for easy editing
